[Blazor] Performance - Parameter values bundling vs. change detection (#34291)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/performance.md

}
```

> However, keep in mind that bundling primitive parameters into a class isn't always an advantage. While it can reduce parameter count, it can also impact how change detection and rendering behave. Setting non-primitive parameters causes the component to rerender every time, even if the values themselves haven't changed. This behavior can offset the potential benefits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, keep in mind that bundling primitive parameters into a class isn't always an advantage. While it can reduce parameter count, it will also impact how change detection and rendering behave. Passing non-primitive parameters always triggers a re-render, because Blazor can't know whether arbitrary objects have internally mutable state, whereas passing primitive parameters only triggers a re-render if their values have actually changed.
```

> However, keep in mind that bundling primitive parameters into a class isn't always an advantage. While it can reduce parameter count, it will also impact how change detection and rendering behave. Passing non-primitive parameters always triggers a re-render, because Blazor can't know whether arbitrary objects have internally mutable state, whereas passing primitive parameters only triggers a re-render if their values have actually changed.

Reviewer 2: Quick NIT just because we try not to write in future tense ... this won't change the meaning of the text ...

```suggestion
However, keep in mind that bundling primitive parameters into a class isn't always an advantage. While it can reduce parameter count, it also impacts how change detection and rendering behave. Passing non-primitive parameters always triggers a re-render, because Blazor can't know whether arbitrary objects have internally mutable state, whereas passing primitive parameters only triggers a re-render if their values have actually changed.
```
